doc: Add a very short README for the Planck, and a NEWS entry (#462)
keyboardio/Kaleidoscope: doc/plugin/Hardware-OLKB-Planck.md

# Kaleidoscope-Hardware-OLKB-Planck

This is a plugin for [Kaleidoscope][fw], that adds hardware support for the

> [OLKB Planck][planck]. For now, this only supports variants with a Teensy2 MCU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OLKB Planck][planck]. For now, this only supports variants with an ATMega32U4 MCU.
```
